Developer Manual (bottom half of your README.md) - 15pts
The audience of this document is future developers who will take over your system.
They know technical terms and have general knowledge about web applications, but do not have knowledge about your system design.
You need to provide a technical document so that future developers can start setting up the application on their local machines, and keep working on the system development after you leave the team.
This technical document is intended for future developers who will maintain the Fruitify system after 
the current development team. The audience is expected to have general knowledge of web application development and technical 
terminology, but no prior understanding of the system architecture or implementation details. The purpose of this document is to provide 
clear guidance on the application structure and local environment setup.
Your Developer Manual covers:
# To install

#1 ) make sure you have Node.js and npm installed on your computer. You will also need a Supabase account because the app uses Supabase to store the saved fruit data.

First, clone the repository:
 using git clone https://github.com/mmantey/INST377GroupProjectRinaNeer.git

then, install the required dependencies using npm install.

Now you are goig to create a .env file in the main project folder and add the Supabase credentials after youve made an account:
- your_supabaseurl
- your_supabasekey

#2 ) To start the server you have to run:
npm start
and the server should run on:
http://localhost:3000

#3) With that link open it in a browser and you can test the applications functionality by using the fruit search page and checking to make sure all buttons work.
Developers should also test invalid fruit searches to make sure the error messages pops up correctly.

The Server API Endpoints are 
GET /api/fruit/:name
This endpoint gets nutrition data for a fruit from the Fruityvice API.
So GET /api/fruit/apple
returns the information in regards to the fruit name, family, genus, calories, sugar, carbohydrates, fat, and protein.
GET /api/saved-fruits
This endpoint gets all saved fruits from the Supabase database. The frontend uses this endpoint to show saved fruits in the table.
POST /api/saved-fruits
This endpoint saves a fruit and its nutrition information to the Supabase database.

#4)
Known Bugs
As of right now there arent any know bugs. However when trying to save fruits to the app table at the bottom some issues arrised due to permission errors and enabling RLS.
Future Development Roadmap
Future developers could improve this project by adding better css design or even adding some animations elements. Another improvement could be adding a comparison chart with all fruits that you have saved.
Tech Stack
For this project we used HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Node.js, Express.js, Supabase, the Fruityvice API, Chart.js, and SweetAlert2.
